chore: Spelling (#19648)
apache/superset: docs/docs/installation/setup-ssh-tunneling.mdx

2. Create database w/ ssh tunnel enabled
    - With the feature flag enabled you should now see ssh tunnel toggle.
    - Click the toggle to enables ssh tunneling and add your credentials accordingly.

>         - Superset allows for 2 different type authentication (Basic + Private Key). These credentials should come from your service provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Superset allows for 2 different types of authentication (Basic + Private Key). These credentials should come from your service provider.
```
Worth getting the grammar nit while we're here?
